Fix the link to configuration (#211)
anymaniax/orval: docs/src/pages/guides/angular.md

};
```

> Checkout the [orval config](../reference/configuration/full-example) reference to see all available options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Checkout the [orval configuration](../reference/configuration/overview) reference to see all available options.
```

Author: The link `[orval config](../reference/configuration/full-example)` is used in this place in al of the below:
https://github.com/anymaniax/orval/blob/master/docs/src/pages/guides/react-query.md
https://github.com/anymaniax/orval/blob/master/docs/src/pages/guides/swr.md
https://github.com/anymaniax/orval/blob/master/docs/src/pages/guides/svelte-query.md
https://github.com/anymaniax/orval/blob/master/docs/src/pages/guides/vue-query.md

Are you sure you want it to be different in case of Angular?

Reviewer: True
